Photographer Tonight 

Find the perfect photographer for your band. Explore top talent for concerts, music videos, and more.

The target users are musicians that are searching for photographers to cover their work, as well as photographers searching for fun and new projects!

Post Your Project: 
Whether you need live concert coverage, press shots, a music video, or something else we've got you covered!
Just add a few details and we'll get your project in front of dozens of talented creators.

Get Multiple Bids:
Kick back as the portfolios roll in from top photographers or videographers who apply for your project.

Pick A Photographer: 
Select the content creator you like best and you're ready to rock. You'll receive an email with their contact information to confirm the booking.

List about 5 features you expect your app to have:
1. Add a project to listing for photographers to search (including price point, date, location, expectations)
2. Browse available projects and apply for them. Search by city, venue, type of project, or artists name. 
3. DB Persistence (maintaining information between sessions)
4. Link to artist spotify


Milestones:
- Due 11/25: Determine the specific features the app will have (adding projects, searching projects)
- Due 12/2: Create activities for every screen in the app and create static back-end
- Due 12/6: Implement search feature for the projects screen (search by city, venue, artist, type)
- Due 12/8: Connect to the bubble.io backend API to ensure live read/write access to website
